Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address?
What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?
Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?

The client for this project was Artemis Financial. They are a financial organization that handles sensitive information for their customers. They needed to be able to provide their customers with a high level of security to ensure their information was secure. I think I was able to provide the client with software that met their requirements. I did this well by reviewing the requirements multiple times. I find that it’s important to review the requirements throughout the development process. At first, I did have some difficulty with the vulnerability assignment but after reviewing the tutorials and the assignment information I was able to figure out the mistakes I was making. For this project an SSL certificate was utilized to provide additional security. In the future I may implement additional testing techniques for vulnerabilities. While I was refactoring my code, I tested multiple times to ensure no errors occurred. I ran dependency checks to ensure that no new vulnerabilities were added to the project. I tested my code often; I think that this was helpful to me and will be helpful in the future. Testing often helps to reduce errors and helps to save time throughout the development process. I am going to showcase my Secure Software Report, I think that this is something that a potential future employer would like to see that I am able to perform. 
